(excessive scribbling)
[EINA] ...He hasn't come...
[EINA] At all... Not once!
[MISHA] Uh... Hey... Uh, Eina?
[EINA] Why?!
[EINA] Why in the world
hasn't he shown up yet?!
(MISHA shock)
[EINA] I mean, sure. I
shouldn't have slapped
him. That's my fault!
[EINA] But c'mon! Even if he
can't explain,
how am I supposed to feel about
the fact that he hasn't dropped
by once?!
Not even for a stupid
measly second!
[MISHA] M-Miss Eina...?
[EINA] It's weird.
It's weird, right,
like weirdly weird?
[EINA] I mean what kind of girl
does Bell take me for, anyway?!
[EINA] And it...!
(MISHA horrified)
[EINA] And it was the first time
that I've ever cried in front of
a guy...
[EINA] Alright enough
of this nonsense!
(MISHA sympathy, afraid)
[EINA] Sir, I'm
headed out on patrol!
[REHMER] Huh?! H-hold on, Tulle!
[REHMER] Who's going to finish
this mountain of paperwork?!
[MISHA] Listen to him,
Eina! Calm down!
If an institution falls to its
knees when one employee goes
missing, something is wrong with
the system!
(BOTH terrified)
(push) I'll just have to go
find him myself! (storm off)
(EINA huffing)
[HERMES] Oh?
Hey there, Eina!
Where are you off to
in such a hur-
[EINA] What?!
(HERMES afraid)
[EINA] Oh, Lord Hermes!
[HERMES] I get it now...
You're off to see Bell, right?
(EINA drinking)
[HERMES] Sorry to break it to
ya... He's not home today.
[EINA] What?!
I can tell you where
to find him.
But in return... would you
mind doing me small favor?
(EINA confused)
(ADVENTURER A notice)
Check it out... It's
the Little Rookie.
[ADVENTURER B] We'd better make
sure he doesn't beat us to the
punch this time.
[ADVENTURER C] Let's
keep an eye on him.
[BELL, internal] Stay calm.
Everything's fine. Don't be
afraid.
[BELL, internal] I'm going
to get everyone to Knossos
safely...
[BELL, internal]
...no matter what!
(Opening song, "over and over")
All doors to Knossos have
been secured, right?
[ELFY] Yes! Everyone is
currently in their positions!
[FINN] Good.
[FINN] Now then...
It's time to figure out
which door the
monsters will choose.
[ANAKITTY] Bell Cranel has
been spotted in the southeast
quadrant!
[FINN] I see...
Not surprising...
If he's to be a diversion...
the monsters ought to appear in
a completely different area.
But still... it's possible
they're planning to subvert
our expectations.
[AIS] Finn... I'll keep
an eye on the boy.
[FINN] Hmm... I'm not so sure.
[FINN] Your attachment to
him presents a conflict of
interest Ais.
I won't let him out of my sight.
If he attempts anything
suspicious... I'll handle it.
Should the monsters turn up...
I'll stop them.
(FINN pensive)
Very well.
Follow Bell Cranel then.
[HESTIA] Bell!
(BELL notice) (run)
[BELL] Yes! I'm here.
[HESTIA] The Guild ordered
a mandatory evacuation of
all civilians around
Daedalus Street.
[HESTIA] Apparently, they've
moved everyone to the main road
running east.
[HESTIA] The operation is a go
as planned.
[BELL] Understood.
Okay, now Master
Welf... let's see...
You will want to make a
turn at the third corner.
[WELF] Gotcha!
[MIKOTO] Okay. Thanks a lot.
Master Fels' magic items are
truly remarkable, aren't they?
[HARUHIME] Amazing how we can
track their locations...
while we stay in touch.
[HESTIA] Uh-huh...
Plus, Uranus was gracious enough
to lend us Daedalus'
handy-dandy notebook.
With this thing, we oughtta
be able to lead 'em anywhere!
(giggle)
(STREET very faint chatter)
[BELL, internal]
My job is to distract.
[BELL, internal] I'll draw the
attention of as many adventurers
and Loki Familia members
as possible.
(BELL gasp)
[BELL, internal] Miss Ais...?
[BELL, internal] They
sent her alone...?
[BELL, internal] This
wasn't part of the plan!
I'd better let Goddess
Hestia know...!
[NAAZA] Boo!
(BELL startled)
[NAAZA] Howdy.
[BELL] Miss Naaza!
What are you doing here?!
[NAAZA] Hmm...
[NAAZA] I'm here to help you
guys... I guess.
[BELL] Huh?
[AIS, internal] A woman?
I may not know
the whole story...
...but I would suspect that
you went chasing after
another girl again...
and then got yourself wrapped
up in a bunch of trouble.
[BELL] No it's not like that!
[NAAZA] Besides, Master Miach
requested me to be here.
[NAAZA] He said to help Bell
with whatever he needs and don't
ask questions.
(BELL huh?)
[NAAZA] Heh, there's no
need to be shy, Bell...
I'm a tool at your disposal.
[BELL] Um... Thanks...
[BELL] Thank you so much!
(BELL sniffling)
[NAAZA] Such a crybaby.
[AIS, internal] Is she
caressing him...?
[NAAZA] Got it. I'll hang
on to this for you.
[BELL] Thanks...
I appreciate it.
(BELL notice)
[BELL, internal] I have to
figure out a way to get rid
of Miss Ais...
(AIS notice)
(BELL huh?)
[AISHA] Bell Cranel!
(BELL pain)
[BELL] Miss Aisha!
Wait and... Miss Ry-?
[RYU] Andromeda filled us
in on the situation.
[RYU] We've come to assist
you with your mission.
[AISHA] If there's anything we
can do to help, just say the
word.
Do you really mean
it?! Well, uh...
[AIS, internal] More women...
Two of them this time...
[AISHA] Jeez, kid... That's
a mighty big task, y'know.
[RYU] Consider it done. If that
is what you wish, we'll do it.
[BELL] Thank you from the bottom
of m-! (stammering)
[AISHA] But a word of warning:
[AISHA] When this is all over,
I intend to receive my
compensation in full.
(BELL gulp)
(BELL struggling)
[RYU] Unhand Mr. Cranel!
If you do not comply,
I'll strike you down first.
[AISHA] Go ahead and try!
I've been robbed of my
reward far too many times.
(BELL smothered)
[AISHA] I can't take it much
longer. (giggles)
(BELL swung around)
[AIS, internal] Is she...
smothering him?
(RYU grunt)
[BELL, internal] Oh thank
goodness they got outta here.
(turn)
[BELL, internal] She's
still staring!
[EINA] Bell!
(BELL startled)
[BELL] M-Miss Eina?!
[BELL] Wh...whatcha
doing here...?
I waited days for you
to show up you know.
So I was forced to come to you!
(wince) I'm sorry!
Well, y'see...
it's embarrassing!
I was ashamed to look at you!
You could have sent me
a note or something,
it's the least you
could have done!
(BELL being shook)
[EINA] Am I just a girl that
you only care about
whenever it's convenient?!
[BELL] Wha--?! Please
don't say that!
That's a very misleading
implication!
[EINA] At any rate...
you aren't going home until
I get satisfactory answers...
to all of my questions!
(BELL lifted)
[BELL] Wa-... Wait! Miss Eina,
please...! (struggling)
(EINA struggling)
[AIS] Yet another woman. Why
are there so many women?
[BELL] Please hear me
out, Miss Eina!
[AIS, internal] Is Bell...
a playboy?
[BELL] I swear it's nothing like
that at all... (struggling)
You think he's okay? He's
been yelling quite a while...
(HESTIA nervous laugh)
Sounds like he's dealing
with an unexpected snag in
the plan, huh?
Don't think there's much we
can do about it from here...
[HESTIA] Welf, Mikoto!
The Xenos should be up ahead...
They're laying low inside
of that drainage canal.
[WELF] Roger that...
Lady Hestia.
[LIDO] Our dreams of
seeing the sky came true...
and yet we're forced to slink
around underground again.
[LIDO] We might be destined for
a life in the shadows, after
all...
(WIENE somber) (notice)
[WELF] Sorry for the wait.
[REI] Mr. Welf, Miss Mikoto.
[MIKOTO] What a relief...
You're all safe and sound.
[WIENE] Is Bell doing okay...?
For now, you must have
faith in the brat, Wiene.
[GLOS] You do want to "return
the favor," don't you?
(WIENE nod)
[FELS] It's your turn, Lido.
[LIDO] I'm on it.
(LIDO howling)
(XENOS howling back)
(LILI notice)
(BOTH struggling) (notice)
[BELL, internal] Mr. Lido...!
(BELL gasp)
(LIDO land)
[REI] Fia... and Rhett...
Helga... and also Alulu...
[REI] I don't hear Asterius'
voice among them.
[GLOS] I highly doubt that it's
a matter of being loud enough.
[GLOS] He's either keeping his
mouth shut on purpose, or...
[FELS] We must forge ahead...
Believe in your comrades.
(XENOS howling)
(ASTERIUS heavy breathing)
(growling)
[FREYA] Ottarl... Have a second?
[OTTARL] Ma'am.
I need arrangements made...
However... they may prove to
be an utter waste of our time.
[FREYA] Even I cannot predict
how this'll play out.
[OTTARL] Regardless of
circumstance... I shall
abide by your divine will.
[ADVENTURER D] Where are they?!
[ADVENTURER D] Damn monsters!
Where's that noise coming from?!
(TOWNSPEOPLE looking
for monsters)
(scared) Dammit! This sucks!
I'm freaking out.
Why do I always have to
do the dirty work...?!
(LILI stressed) (deep breath)
"Thy scars belong to me;
my scars belong to me..."
[ADVENTURER F] (surprised)
Hey! Look behind you!
[ADVENTURER G] It's an al-miraj!
(LILI question) (hop away)
[ADVENTURER F] Eat this!
(LILI terrified kyu) (scared)
(flee)
(LILI fall)
[LILI] "The clock tolls
midnight"!
[ADVENTURER D] Hey!
Which way did it go?!
[LILI] Th-that way...
Master Fels... you're
just the worst...!
(TOWNSPEOPLE in pursuit
of monsters)
[ADVENTURER D] It's over there!
[ADVENTURER E] After it!
[ADVENTURER F] Don't
let it get away!
[ADVENTURER G] Drive
it into a corner!
[BELL, internal] Lili's on
the move... I have to go!
Miss Eina, please!
(EINA startled)
(confused) (shock)
[BELL] Sorry! When this is
over, you can yell at me
as much as you want!
(BELL running)
(EINA confused)
[EINA] Wait, Bell!
(EINA notice)
[HERMES] I'd like you to
deliver this to Bell.
[EINA] Oh I forgot to
give it to him...
[EINA] Oh...huh? ..The heck?
I-it won't come off!
[ADVENTURER H] The Little
Rookie's makin' a run for it!
[ADVENTURER I] After him!
[BELL, internal] Miss Ais...
She's still following me!
[BELL, internal] If I
don't do something quick,
our whole plan goes up in smoke!
[BELL, internal] I've
gotta get outta sight.
(BOTH heavy breathing)
[ADVENTURER H] He's gone!
[ADVENTURER J]
The hell did he go?!
[ADVENTURER A]
Hey, look! He's way over there!
[ADVENTURER A] He went inside
that building!
[ADVENTURER I] You're wrong!
He circled behind us now!
(panic) What the?! A swarm
of monsters...! (worried)
(ADVENTURERS confusion,
arguing, panic)
[NAAZA] Wow... It really does
cause hallucinations.
[NAAZA] Incredible...
Where did that boy manage
to get his hands on this...?
[ADVENTURER J] Where is he?!
[ADVENTURER A] Dammit...
[ADVENTURER I] Over there!
[AIS] Did he... disappear?
[BELL] Thanks for the
help, Miss Naaza.
[AIS] (disagree) I sense him.
[AIS] This way.
[RYU] Sword Princess.
I challenge you to a duel.
[AIS] Now? Right here?
[RYU] I, myself, am an outcast.
Were it not for these
extenuating circumstances,
I could not hope to
cross swords with you.
[RYU] I urge you to cooperate.
[HARUHIME] Is she going to be
alright? The elven woman, I
mean...
[HESTIA] Wallen-whatser-hoozit
might be ridiculously strong...
but the elf can hold her own.
[HESTIA] Plus with the extra
power from your Level Boost...
She's good.
[BELL] Goddess!
[BELL] Thanks to Miss Ryu...
I was able to get
away from Miss Ais.
[HESTIA] Nicely done, Bell!
Try to hold their attention.
Go confuse the heck outta the
Loki Familia and the others!
[BELL] Roger!
[HESTIA] Easier
said than done...
[HESTIA] The Loki Familia is a
force to be reckoned with. They
still haven't broken formation.
[ANAKITTY] An al-miraj has
surfaced in the southern sector!
[ANAKITTY] And there're
eyewitness reports of
monsters southeast!
[ELFY] Bell Cranel
is out there, too!
It would appear that Miss Ais
has been delayed by an unknown
assailant!
Pay no mind to Bell Cranel...
Ais will catch up.
Maintain present formation.
Any word on the
black minotaur?
I'm afraid
nothing yet.
Continue to monitor
the situation.
[FINN, internal] Presumably,
the monsters have flocked
together...
[FINN, internal] For such a
large number to avoid detection,
they either
possess magic items...
or someone familiar with
the area is guiding them.
[FINN] Perhaps even both...
[RAUL] Looks like the party's
gettin' started down south...
[RAUL] It's too bad that the
captain ordered us not to leave
our posts.
[FINN] Raul!
(RAUL surprised)
[RAUL] Captain?!
What are you doing here?
[RAUL] Shouldn't you be at the-?
Around the headquarters...
a horde of monsters appeared!
[FINN] Make your way
to the area immediately!
(RAUL confusion)
[RAUL] The central sector?!
[FINN] Which reminds me...
What's the status of the
fortified Knossos entrances?
[RAUL] Uh, lemme think...
[RAUL] Miss Riveria, Mr. Gareth,
and both their teams...
are guarding the four doors
we discovered in the northwest,
northeast, southwest, and
southeast quadrants!
[FINN] Good. Everyone pack up
your equipment and head towards
the central sector...
I'll head southeast.
[RAUL] Y-yes, sir!
[FINN] "The clock
tolls midnight"!
[LILI] As gullible as
Master Bell! Lady Hestia!
[LILI] As predicted, they're
at four entrances...
Northwest, northeast,
southwest, and southeast.
[HESTIA] Ey Attagirl,
Miss Supporter!
[HARUHIME] Fantastic, Lady Lili!
[HESTIA] Our enemies have a
tight grip on four out of the
six doors...
[HESTIA] The unguarded door
closest to the Xenos' current
location is...
[HESTIA] ...out west!
Hey, Fels! The western
entrance is clear!
[FELS] Understood,
Goddess Hestia.
[WELF] When we step outside...
the Loki Familia's our threat.
[MIKOTO] Thanks to Master
Bell... the surface is in
chaos....
Slip past them... and
advance to the west door.
[LIDO] Alright... Is everyone
ready?
(WIENE somber)
[LIDO] Move out!
[ELFY] A group of monsters are
storming the surface in the
western sector!
[FINN] What the?
What's Raul's team doing!?
[RAUL] Huh? Captain?
[ANAKITTY] Raul?!
Why are you here?
[RAUL] Wait... the captain
just ordered us here
a few moments ago, right?
[ANAKITTY] No, he never
asked you to do that.
[RAUL] But he delivered his
orders in person...
[FINN, internal] They've
outsmarted us...
[FINN, internal] A type of
magic? A magic item?
[FINN] What's their projected
route? Which direction are they
moving?
(ELFY look)
[ELFY] To the east, almost like
they're making a beeline for
something.
[FINN] Eastbound?
We uncovered a total of four
doors that lead underground.
[FINN] They surfaced in the
west, which means that they
ought to be moving northeast or
southeast.
[FINN , internal] Is there
another door that we don't know
about...?
[LIDO] Bellcchi and
Lilicchi did great!
[LIDO] There's nobody around!
[FELS] Stay on your toes!
[FELS] Here they come!
(ADVENTURERS panting)
(ADVENTURERS pain/struggle)
[ARCHER A] Now! Take aim!
(ARCHERS focus) (pain)
[MIKOTO] You crafted these
to avoid harming the city...
didn't you Welf?
[WELF] Damn straight!
[HARUHIME] If you follow the
path a little longer,
you'll reach a large plaza.
[HARUHIME] Keep
on straight ahead!
[MIKOTO] Roger, Lady Haruhime!
[HESTIA] Heck yeah! Nice work...
Kick some Loki ass!
[LOKI FAMILIA MEMBER A] Now!
[WELF] Not on your life!
[WELF] Hien!
(LOKI FAMILIA MEMBERS shouting)
[LIDO] Thanks a
million, Welfcchi!
[FELS] Perfect! This is our
chance to make a break for it!
(LIDO notice)
(GARETH yelling)
(ALL scream)
(GARETH notice)
[GARETH] A bit excessive...
I foresee yet another lecture
from Riveria in my future...
(GARETH question)
[GARETH] Magic sword, eh?
[WELF] Lemme handle him...
Go on without me!
[FELS] Thank you.
[FELS] Everyone! Time to move!
(GARETH grunt)
(WELF brace, fling)
(wind up)
[GARETH] Aha...
There're two of ya'.
[GARETH] Come what may,
I shall pursue those monsters...
[GARETH] Stay outta my way!
(WELF brace)
[MIKOTO] Okay! Let's
test this blade!
[MIKOTO] Fubu!
(GARETH grunt)
[HESTIA] Alright! The Xenos are
on the move!
[HESTIA] Keep it up guys! Come
on! Hold out!
(gasp) You see that?! No way...
(HESTIA gasp)
[HESTIA] Wiene?!
(WIENE nervous breathing)
[WIENE] Hey guys? You there?
[HESTIA] Turn around, Wiene!
You're going the wrong way!
[HESTIA] Wh-...what
do we do...?!
[HARUHIME] I shall retrieve her.
[HESTIA] Huh?!
(HARUHIME land)
[HESTIA] Wait-! Haruhime, no!
[HESTIA] This is bad...
Really bad!
(HESTIA notice)
[HESTIA] Bell!
[HESTIA] We lost Wiene!
(BELL gasp)
[HESTIA] And Haruhime took off
before I could stop her!
[HESTIA] We gotta help!
[BELL] Wiene's all alone...
(WIENE grunting)
[WIENE] You guys...?
[TIONA] Whoa...
(WIENE gasp)
[TIONA] Didn't expect
one way out here.
(WIENE terror)
[TIONA] Welp! Bumpin' into a
monster ain't the worst thing
ever.
[TIONA] This won't take long!
(WIENE terrified)
(Closing Song, "Evergreen")
[HESTIA] Next time:
"Ultra Soul."